README.md, before:

# QuickiWiki

Quick, self-hosted, Laravel Wiki platform, designed to be simple and fast.

## Alpha Software Warning

This is alpha software and is not ready for production use, as features are not complete,
and there are going to be bugs and breaking changes without notice. As this software is open source,
you can contribute to the project by submitting issues and pull requests to speed things along!

## Features

This is a list of features that are currently implemented, or planned for the future. (In no particular order)

- [x] Wiki Pages
- [x] Contribution History
- [x] Contribution diffs
- [ ] Page Revisions (partially complete)
- [ ] Revisions comparison
- [x] Page Locking
- [x] Roles & Permissions
- [ ] User Management
- [x] Installer command
- [x] Profile pages
- [x] Navigation menus

## Installation

Todo

## Documentation and demo

See the wiki (coming soon) at https://quickiwiki.desilva.se, and the live demo at https://quickiwiki-demo.fly.dev (not yet on the latest version)

## Contributing

Submit issues and pull requests to help improve QuickiWiki!

## License

QuickiWiki is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

Put project on the shelf

README.md, after:

# QuickiWiki

Quick, self-hosted, Laravel Wiki platform, designed to be simple and fast.

## Not currently maintained

This package is not currently maintained, as I'm focusing my efforts elsewhere. For this reason, the project is archived. If you have any kind of interest in this project, please reach out to me on Twitter or email. My details can be found on my GitHub profile.

## Alpha Software Warning

This is alpha software and is not ready for production use, as features are not complete,
and there are going to be bugs and breaking changes without notice. As this software is open source,
you can contribute to the project by submitting issues and pull requests to speed things along!

## Features

This is a list of features that are currently implemented, or planned for the future. (In no particular order)

- [x] Wiki Pages
- [x] Contribution History
- [x] Contribution diffs
- [ ] Page Revisions (partially complete)
- [ ] Revisions comparison
- [x] Page Locking
- [x] Roles & Permissions
- [ ] User Management
- [x] Installer command
- [x] Profile pages
- [x] Navigation menus

## Installation

Todo

## Documentation and demo

See the wiki (coming soon) at https://quickiwiki.desilva.se, and the live demo at https://quickiwiki-demo.fly.dev (not yet on the latest version)

## Contributing

Submit issues and pull requests to help improve QuickiWiki!

## License

QuickiWiki is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
